readme.md, before:

usdviewer
==================

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mikaelsundell/brawtool/blob/master/README.md)

Introduction
------------

This project is an experimental exploration of USD and eventually MaterialX visualization and interaction using C++ and Qt, serving as an alternative implementation of the usdview application. It acts as a testbed for USD functionality, focusing on real-time rendering, Qt-based UI integration, and performance optimizations. Most of its functionality mirrors the Python-based features found in StageView.py and related classes,  in a native C++ implementation for deeper control and efficiency.


Application
------------

todo: Insert application image here with the kitchen scene.

### Functionality

todo: Insert application functionality here

References
-------------

* Qt6 documentation    
https://doc.qt.io/qt-6

* USD API    
https://openusd.org/release/api/index.html

* USD Tutorials    
https://openusd.org/release/tut_usd_tutorials.html

* USD Cookbook    
https://github.com/ColinKennedy/USD-Cookbook


Project
-------

* GitHub page   
https://github.com/mikaelsundell/usdviewer

* Issues   
https://github.com/mikaelsundell/usdviewer/issues

## License ##

3rdparty packages and their copyrights:

OpenUSD
Copyright 2022 Pixar

Qt
Copyright (C) 2019 The Qt Company Ltd.

Commit message:

Fixed show and hide selected and by hierarchy Added xcode thread performance checker warning to README.md

readme.md, after:

usdviewer
==================

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-BSD%203--Clause-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/mikaelsundell/brawtool/blob/master/README.md)

Introduction
------------

This project is an experimental exploration of USD and eventually MaterialX visualization and interaction using C++ and Qt, serving as an alternative implementation of the usdview application. It acts as a testbed for USD functionality, focusing on real-time rendering, Qt-based UI integration, and performance optimizations. Most of its functionality mirrors the Python-based features found in StageView.py and related classes,  in a native C++ implementation for deeper control and efficiency.


Application
------------

todo: Insert application image here with the kitchen scene.

### Functionality

todo: Insert application functionality here

Known issues
-------------

### macOS Thread Performance Checker (TPC) warnings in Xcode 16.2+ for debug builds

When running the viewer or plug-in inside Xcode 16.2 or later, you may see warnings such as:

```code
Thread Performance Checker: Thread running at User-interactive quality-of-service class waiting on a lower QoS thread running at Default quality-of-service class.
```

These messages are emitted by macOS’s Thread Performance Checker, not by USD or Hydra.
They occur because Pixar’s USD libraries use Intel TBB worker threads at a lower quality-of-service level than the GUI thread, which causes Xcode to flag a “priority inversion.”
This behavior is normal and does not indicate a bug or performance problem in the application.

To suppress these diagnostics, disable the Thread Performance Checker in your Xcode scheme:

- Open your Xcode project or workspace.
- Choose Product ▸ Scheme ▸ Edit Scheme…
- Select the Run action.
- Open the Diagnostics tab.
- Uncheck Thread Performance Checker.

After turning it off, the messages will no longer appear in the Xcode console.

References
-------------

* Qt6 documentation    
https://doc.qt.io/qt-6

* USD API    
https://openusd.org/release/api/index.html

* USD Tutorials    
https://openusd.org/release/tut_usd_tutorials.html

* USD Cookbook    
https://github.com/ColinKennedy/USD-Cookbook


Project
-------

* GitHub page   
https://github.com/mikaelsundell/usdviewer

* Issues   
https://github.com/mikaelsundell/usdviewer/issues

## License ##

3rdparty packages and their copyrights:

OpenUSD
Copyright 2022 Pixar

Qt
Copyright (C) 2019 The Qt Company Ltd.
